Include a warning explaining how to make streaming work with Content Security Policy headers. (#8167)
remix-run/remix: docs/guides/streaming.md

  - [deno][entry_server_deno_tsx]
  - [node][entry_server_node_tsx]

<docs-warning>

Streaming works by inserting script tags into the DOM as deferred promises resolve. If your page includes a [Content Security Policy for scripts](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/script-src), you'll either need to include a nonce in your `Content-Security-Policy` header and on your `<Scripts/>` component in the root route, or weaken your securtiy policy by including `script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'` in your `Content-Security-Policy` header.

> </docs-warning>

Reviewer: As discussed in Discord, let's also update this to mention adding the nonce to `renderToPipeableStream` and cross-link to the React docs if they have a section non that

Author: 👍

}
```

## Streaming with a Content Security Policy

> Streaming works by inserting script tags into the DOM as deferred promises resolve. If your page includes a [Content Security Policy for scripts](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/script-src), you'll either need to weaken your securtiy policy by including `script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'` in your `Content-Security-Policy` header, or add nonces to all of your script tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streaming works by inserting script tags into the DOM as deferred promises resolve. If your page includes a [Content Security Policy for scripts][csp], you'll either need to weaken your securtiy policy by including `script-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'` in your `Content-Security-Policy` header, or add nonces to all of your script tags.
```

If you are using a nonce, it needs to be included in three places: 

- The `Content-Security-Policy` header, like so: `Content-Security-Policy: script-src 'nonce-secretnoncevalue'`
- The `<Scripts />`, `<ScrollRestoration />` and `<LiveReload />` components, like so: `<Scripts nonce="secretnoncevalue" />`
- In `entry.server.ts` where you call `renderToPipeableStream`, like so:

```ts
const { pipe, abort } = renderToPipeableStream(
  <RemixServer ... />,
  {
    nonce: "secretnoncevalue",
    ...
  }
);
```

This will ensure the nonce value is included on any deferred script tags.

> [entry_client_tsx]: https://github.com/remix-run/remix/blob/dev/packages/remix-dev/config/defaults/entry.client.tsx

Reviewer: [csp]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/script-src
